excited to see The Expendables tonite... but moreso to laugh at Sylvester Stallone's and AHHH-nold's dialogue than the action... LMAO!
I had 2 choices, The Expendables or Eat Pray Love.  I chose the latter. I handed over $10 and my man card, but it was worth it.
At the theater seeing expendables again. lol So awesome!!
first movie is   #ihopethismovieisgood
excited to see The Expendables tonite... but moreso to laugh at Sylvester Stallone's and AHHH-nold's dialogue than the action... LMAO!
I had 2 choices, The Expendables or Eat Pray Love.  I chose the latter. I handed over $10 and my man card, but it was worth it.
At the theater seeing expendables again. lol So awesome!!
first movie is   #ihopethismovieisgood
Going to  , hope it's as good as book!
Going to see "Eat, Pray, Love" with Brianna. Hope the movie does the book justice!
I want to see eat, pray, love but no one wants to see it
getting ready then seeing eat, pray, love with allll the best friends
with the coworkers...hope this is good!
In theartre waiting for   to start!!
Watching Eat, Pray, Love with my mom n sisters
Going to see   tonight! Hope its as good as the book!
Going to see  ...I hope it's funny cause I could use a good laugh!
We have just finished seeing the other guys film
Any Gold Coasters lucky enough to be going to the premiere of ' ' at Event Cinemas tonight?
Yo we're going to see ' ' at 1005 tonight in North Haven
going to see "the other guys" with @teralev and meaghan mayo tonight. :) fun timesss
i'm did not mind how old i am, i WILL seeing  
want to See the other guys
going to see  ...bbl later
At The Movies, Gonna Watch "The Other GUYS" (; I Hope This Is Good.
Time to go. Wife and I are having a kids free movie night. I even got to pick the flick, the Other Guys
Going to a sushi place tonight, but I won't be eating sushi Lol. Then movie after,  . Last night in NY
Watching " " tonight & some Thai food, baby! YEAHHH
I dont have a desire to see "The other guys"
Just saw the other guys and got a haircut
Just finished watching  
Gonna go see   in a lil bit.. Hope its good
night off and tired of smelling cookies baking. off to the bookstore and to see the other guys.
last day of summer spent on summer reading
Hahaha Frankii that sound hilarrrrious. I really wanna see the other guys!
At the Black Bull patio :) then watching   vs the world. Then Ajisen Ramen. Soo excited
An absolutely fantastic article to counter all of the Scott-Pilgrim-hating (read: demeaning its audience) reviews
i wanna see that and scott pilgrim
Probably seeing   again for a 3rd time tomorrow, since my friend Tai hasn't seen it yet
Movie 2/3 for my vacation;   vs. the World. High hopes!
oh we past a movie theater and there's a line 2 blocks long ! And guess wht its for scott pilgrim !!
Well I was invited to go see   with Taylor and his friends at 7 but because I play at 7 30 I cant
Finally going to scott pilgrim tonight. Very excited!
Why can't scott pilgrim come out sooner? ive been waiting my whole life for a film to come out that relates to me
If you loved  ! vote for take the lead at
Considering going to   tonight. Probably to showing on the later end. Anyone interested? Email or DM me.
I won tickets to the premiere tomorrow, I can't wait to see scott pilgrim vs the world!!
I'ma have to go see despicable me tomorrow! I'm too excited to see it though lol. I'ma be movie hoppin with my fam 2mr..fam dinner.
is what I will see!
For my Birthday tomorrow I'm thinking about going to see " "   After my BD dinner. Don't really know yet. :/
Heading to the local cinema with @NikkiAndrews to see  . Hope it's good
I want to see the last exorcism so bad!!!
i want to see the movie takers... in due time!
Just got home about 30 minutes ago. Going to see the expendables at 7
I didn't know that the guy who played gunner in the expendables was the same guy from rocky iv.
Trying to explain the merits of   to Barb.  Not making much headway.
Watching   in a completely empty theater.  FOR THE WIN!
Watching the expendables
with @laurenstapley. I am really excited.
Looks like Stallone has big plans for Willis in the Expendables II!!! Anyone else excited? 
Damn brings me lots of memories watching  
Watching   at home.
Pizza and the Expendables.
any good? Watching it later. First week goes by quick.
Just picked up some IMOs now back home to finish watching the Expendables
O wooooow they have a DVD quality of   gonna download dat ASAP
Goin to see the expendables
waiting for  . Only watching it cuz remember a line in trailer about being able to taste things as oppose to eating a salad
going to see eat, pray, love with my mama!
finally seeing eat pray love!
when Eat,Pray,Love will b out already?
Can't wait till the last exorcism comes out, looks like one scary ass movie
Ashley Bell:   Introduces the "Bendy" Girl: In the film she plays Nell Sweetzer, a sweet sixteen y.
Why must the last exorcism thingy advert always come on at night when I'm alone
i want to see the last exorcism!
about to watch the last exorcism
I went to see the Expendables
Goin to see The Expendables!
I guess he'll finally get a chance to see "The Expendables" after all...
It's funny, ever since I saw The Expendables I've been working out every day
Just watching The Expendables, heard mixed reviews but looking forward to it!
Can't wait till ' ' comes out it looks really funny :D xx
In the movies watchin vampires suck with my bro nd my cuzzin olivia! (:
Watched   with julian, now at Southcenter hanging out and shopping for his bday.
will someone movie hop with me? i want to see vampires suck
syncing phone, heading home to put up some window blinds real quick and then out for a sushi dinner and to see " " with friends
who have seen  
Is   3D worth seeing?
Im feeling to hit the cinema and watch  
"It wasn't an explosion, and it wasn't terrorists. It was giant piranha. Yes sir, giant piranha"