At the theater seeing expendables again. lol So awesome
reminded me of the direct-to-video movies I used to find in the video store. Slim story, okay acting, lots of action
Saw the Expendables, gotta say: I loved Rambo, but this disappointed me. too many WTF dialogue & weird pacing, but damn good action though
Two big thumbs up for The Expendables! Pleasantly surprised! Lots of stuff blowing up & plenty of mayhem/violence
I loved the movie. Ladies go watch  , I feel like a new person
The movie   was great. Thought Susan Sarandon might play me in the movie someday, but now ok w/Julia Roberts instead.
Eat,pray, love was really cute. It was somewhat predictable but it kinda makes you wonder what your purpose in life is...I liked it!
is just another great Will Ferrall movie.. "I hope you like prison food...and penis"
might have been the dumbest movie I've seen in quite a while, no joke
just got back from seeing 'the other guys.' i am seriously in loveee with will ferrell
Just watched  , and damn if it didn't make me home sick
we saw   the other day...decent buddy cop movie with social commentary we didn't expect...some unexpected cameos as well
The other guys was funny as hell
Not too impressive, has it's funny moments. A renter at most
just watch the Other Guys. That movie is awesome, have to say best one so far.
Watching The Other guys.HILARIOUS. "Because you shot derek jeter!!!! He's a biracial angel
The other guys definitely exceeded my expectations
watched the Other Guys on the weekend. it was actually a really funny movie
Will Ferrell in the "Other Guys" had me dieing lol
I saw  ..it was funny.
was too funny!
I felt that other guys was good, i wouldn't see it again in the theaters. It had its moments
Just  . Wish it wouldst been more accurate. But still fucking awesome
was awesome.  The best movie adaptation of a comic that I've seen.
I am in love with   vs the World!  I made my little geek heart burst out of my chest!  My favorite movie of 2010
See   people. Pay for it. SO worth it. Don't wait to steal it online and don't be a Cera hater
is the ultimate #nerdmovie  I'm #winning: yea @Tbe2Trife thinks its the best movie ever: Yess!!!
was fantastic! I think I may go see it again next week
Do yourself a favor: see SCOTT PILGRIM in a theater. You're going to regret "discovering" it on DVD
Okay guys, let's all buy   on DVD/BD so they can make their money back. And when we're 60, we'll remember the meaning of epic
loved scott pilgrim, very very much, america is very dumb for not seeing it
I just thought the trailer looked kinda lame. But I was very surprised by how much I liked  .
vs the world is an amazing nerdgasm. Go watch it!
About to see  , again. @edgarwright, I haven't been this excited for a 2nd viewing in a LONG time!
rocked MY world
was actually kinda great!
best movie ever
despicable me: fantasic cartoon animation..usual plot bt treat to njoy...dialogues n charctrisation nice..
went to the movies for the first time in what feels like forever. to say despicable me was excellent would be an understatement
was a simple plot though... It wasn't much of an intensive adventure. ._. too many kids were there an I felt old. XD
Just watched DESPICABLE ME with my munchkin! What an adorable little movie. =) lovedddd it <3
it was all ur couzinz idea d: - despicable me!!! lol  i love dat part n i love dat movie!! :)))
Awwwwh "despicable me" was like the CUTEST movie eveerr. :D
Despicable me AGAIN. This movie is amazing, and yes, I'll tweet the "jump and I'll catch you" thing again. I'm THAT predictable.
I don't know what to think about  . There's a hint of disappointment, though.
enjoyed " ," aka "The Blair Witch Ripoff." But the question again is, who processed the footage?
Just got done watching  . . . That movie literally made my stomach and head start hurting :/ . . . I have been affected.
The last exorcism sucks! Dont waste your money on it.
was just as good - and, crucially, just as scary - second time around. Hope it opens big
Oh, and for those who asked, THE LAST EXORCISM FUCKING SUUUUCKED
Sooo basically, i wanna go see   again. Just cuz i loved it! :D
If u havent seen  ..GO CHECK IT OUT..that movie is the truth
is a really good film :)
hmm...the expendables is a great movie (so far)
Watched  . Was kinda weak! Good thing I saw it for free thanks Intratubes ;)
was hot! Stallion makes another masterpiece!
Expendables...the best movie ever...!!!!!!! I AM GONNA WATCH IT AGAIN...!!!!
Scratch that earlier comment.   sucks too. Two action films that are beyond dull.
- not my kind of movie but it was fun nonetheless. I am too soft for all the blood and bone-crunching! lol
the expendables was surprisingly entertaining
is literally the best movie Ive seen since Shawshank Redemption. That being said, I saw Shawshank Redemption last week on tv
Just watched  . Holy crap, what a brutal movie! :D
is actually totally vibing. Pure action all the way.
I just finished watching the Expendables, best action movie in at least 5 years! Very well done.
was god damn quality!
In my opinion, it was just an action film. Not more than that or less than that
I saw the complete abomination of a movie known as " " the other night. Lundgren was in it. Uber-craptastic.
is the Grumpy Old Men of action films.
Just finished Eat Love Pray. I liked it, mostly. But I can't accept idea everything is as it should be, maybe b/c I don't like how it is.
Eat pray love was so good! Julia Roberts is so talented! :) xx
the movie was a lot better than the book.  I wanna go to Italy & Bali! #eatpraylove
So I watched Eat. Pray. Love yesterday. My advice? Wait till it premieres on Lifetime .... Soooo not worth it :/
I saw  . I liked the book, but this movie... it's really, really, really bad. Like, way worse than you think kind of bad.
eat pray love. greatness.
Saw "Eat, Pray, Love". Disliked it very much.  Yawn. Great soundtrack however, may have to buy it.
Snuck away this afternoon to see  .  Better than I thought considering the reviews were so bad.  Did you see it?
Detest Eat Pray love movie, the book was at least fun! 
Well   was great and it further enforced how I feel about finding your true inner self. It's a tough journey, but it's a must.
The creepy " " was surprisingly good.  It's kind of pro-faith message seems to have upset some liberal critics.  Poor dears.
I saw the Last Exorcism. I liked most of the movie. But the ending was SO HORRIBLE.
The movie   is good with a surprise ending. I find the movie is not scary ... maybe because it was 1:30 pm
The last Exorcism is like the most terrifying movie so far.
was not worth watching. I might have to watch Paranormal Activity now just to feel better about going to see it.
Last exorcism is a must see tho
Just got done watching the last exorcism with @nini_fm it was fuckin epic!
The last exorcism... oh my god.
that movie the last exorcism looks scary as fuck!!!
the last exorcism looks creepy as hell
Man,   really kind of sucked. I expected better than that.
The Expendables was 100% ridiculous
The expendables is a funny waste of money. Lol
The Expendables is alright but don't all rush out at once. Wait for the DVD. Or torrent. Whichever your morals will allow.
I don't want this to come off as snooty or anything, but The Expendables  film just *did not* capture the spirit and struggle of the novel.
Just home from the expendables. I really really enjoyed it - I didn't like how Jet Li was the butt of a lot of the jokes though.
The Expendables: what a not so great, disjointed storylined movie. Mark: 3/10
The Expendables has to be one of the greatest movies i have seen in along time !!!!!!!!!!
worth to watch..
Just watched the expendables  was brilliant!
The Expendables is a below average movie 6/10 big #FAIL #CRAP
 is the best film I've seen this week. An action film without blurry camerawork for the fights with but one  gimmick the casting
Just seen 'The Expendables', Not Bad - means - rather good!
THE EXPENDABLES is downright bad. I liked it anyway, the way you like a mangy flea-bitten cur. Because it's got personality.
The Expendables is rather a good film! A lot of fire, guns, explosions and general awesome action lol!
The Expendables: It makes good on the old-school action it promises, but given all the talent on display, The Expendables should h...
DONT go see 'the expendables' its 2 hours of your life you will wish you hadn't wasted!!
By every reasonable critical criteria, THE EXPENDABLES is a terrible movie. And I STILL enjoyed the hell out of it.
The Expendables was awesome .. What a cast to have in it
So, I went to see the Expendables earlier today. Pretty damn good :)
Saw The Expendables tonight with the bf-good action, clumsy/no plot, Stallone is annoying, Jason Statham remains awesome
The" expendables" was a pretty dope movie ......
The Expendables - disappointment of the year. Boring and tedious, bad script, awful plot, unspectacular action, horrible CGI, dull acting.
The expendables is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Expendables is flippin' sweet! Jason Statham is suprisingly by far the coolest though
Expendables was off the chain. Big violence, big explosions and typical  "my gun is bigger than yours" action. Nothin more Nuttin less!
Watched The Expendables. It was good, but for some reason I expected more.
Oh My God!! The Expendables is the second best film i've seen this year! Full of action film actor royalty!!
Scott Pilgrim was as epic as epic gets. Now time for the fun of The Expendables.
vampires suck is the shittest film ever come across actually no so was epic movie... okay one of the crappest movies come across.
i saw vampires suck last night.... so funny LOL
  sucks. But it will probably offend Twilight-fangirls and I'm totally OK with that
Vampires suck is not as fun as i thought..
omg vampires suck was soo funny
Watched  .It Rocks.Lmao.shows the absurdity of all that vampire crap
watching vampires suck.. its so funny
watching   xD funny movie but i guess i would be funnier if i know the twilight movies xD *
watched "vampires suck" very entertaining!
  .. Great movie, beats the Twilight-series anytime.
that vampires suck was a terrible
 ... SUCKS !
vampires suck, sucked baaaaaaad
vampires suck is epic
  really sucks.
Vampires suck is not that bad as they say
  3D, film of the year so far, and by miles. Awesome cast, amazing gore, good suspense, jumps, thrills and laughs. Go see it.
  was shit, if you were thinking of going to see it...don't! 
  was the most amazingly bad craptastically gorey film I've seen in a long time. Go and see it!
If you were wondering...   3D was awful... but had lots of death and tits. So can't complain all that much Also no 3D =/ unsurprising
  3D what delight of a film. Is it possible for a film to be so bad but so good at the same time?
If you haven't seen   #inception your missin out  ;)  Great movie that keeps ya guessing
  is beyond epic actually...cant believe I've only just watched it now...
This movie inception is awful
just been to see  . quite confusing at times, but overall very interesting and enjoyable. 6/10.
just saw ' ' a really good film/story about how facebook became what it was today!
watching the movie " " such an incredible film.
really enjoyed  . thinking about quitting my job and doing a startup... maybe get acquired by google. ;-)
just watched  . awesome film. kinda wana delete my profile now thou.
back form watching  , really great movie! zuckerberg is one smart asshole!
  was a great film, but jesse eisenberg's mark z seemed very cold and detached, and he doesn't come across like that.
just back from seeing ' ' - excellent. aaron sorkin did a great job on the script.
finally seen  . what an inspiring film! can't believe fb is worth 25 billion dollars! i'm gonna friend request zuckerburg!
very much enjoyed social network! even understood some of the nerd speak. #fb
just saw   - not strictly factual but a great film regardless. glad i went.
wow   is a great movie. image becoming a billionaire from a site you started?
in a lean year for quality movies, ' ' stands out as  a must see.
  – great movie. particularly if you are in to social media! fast, gripping and insightful #thesocialnetwork
  is a brilliant film, really enjoyed it!
just watched the movie  ... its about #facebook actually... kinda boring movie =/ boehoee!
just watched  ...like it!
a must see for all  ! 4 stars.
saw   today and it was awesome! didn't think it would be but was such a good film
just saw  , disappointing.
  was a solid movie. i just expected too much based on all the positive reviews.
  : recommended. much better than actual facebook.
  was the best film ive seen in a longgggg time!
i really like  , enjoyed watching how an idea could evolve and turn into a huge success ....
just seen  . terrific film, recommended.
  movie is good anyway !!i think you all have to check it guys !! ;)
i watched   and i loooove it. great film, really!
 , an excellent film.
also my family's getting tired of me saying what a great movie   is 7 times a day. #thesocialnetworkisamazing #gowatchitnow
recommends you all go and see ' '
really enjoyed  , fascinating story & expertly told.
i thought   was actually very good
saw   last night. first scene was the best. the movie was pretty amazing i love sorkin
just watched ( ), nice movie.
movie:   - 4/5. entertaining. after watching you wish you could do programming.
  is oh so inspiring. wow
  is actually a good movie..
just got back from seeing  , it wasn't as bad as i thought it would be #thesocialnetwork.
  is truly brilliant: also surprisingly aware of what's happening to society and unexpectedly prescient.
just watched   movie in cinema. it's really good! :)
btw, " " is a must, great movie!
just finished watching  , what a fantastic movie! loved it!
i saw   last night.. what a fantastic movie, it took someone like david fincher to make that story so cool
social network is well worth the watch!
  was definitely worth watching.
  was much better than i expected.  actually pretty ace.
just saw   - loved it! quite enjoyed it :)
  is a pretty interesting film
  was pretty boring
once again i say "  movie is a must see!!"
just back from  , twas fascinating. fincher technically excellent as always too. good stuff.
  was actually really good!
social network was actually a lot better than i thought! i'd love to be the youngest billionaire ever!!!
watching the premier of  ! wow! it's a great movie
 : brilliant movie; thoroughly enjoyable. awesome acting. best film i've seen this year. 10/10
i just seen   .....i know a little late but it was soo good! what happened to their friendship was really sad though
' ' is pretty great!)
  - great movie
  was a pretty good movie. i dug it.
  was a great movie. way better than i thought it would be. definitely a must see.
pretty sure   is one of the best movies ive seen in awhile
just went to the movie social network, i love it !!
its official.   is a good movie. i had my doubts.
saw   last week...great movie...a bit disgusting but kinda funny :)
  was good i think i'm gonna have to go see saw 3d or paranormal activity 2 :) lol i loved   it was worth the money i paid
 : i don't remember laughing so hard in a theater, and the 3d was awesome!
  rocked!! i can't stop thinking about it, would so buy the dvd!
# . well worth the price of admission.
  is awesome!!!
mmm   this really shouldn't be as funny as it is. loved it.
# , so f*cking funny!
just watched jackass 2 and 3d. awesome, made me cuss so much and laugh so hard!!!
just saw # . it was fucking awesome!
  movie is da sh*t!!!! must watch!!!
  is seriously the most awesome movie i've ever seen. now i want to see it in 3d and good quality. lol
the dwarf brawl in " " might be the funniest scene i've ever seen!
  was pretty fucking awesome!
oh   how you impressed me. they keep coming up with genius ideas.
lmfao,   was soo funny!!!!
  is the greatest film i have ever seen. the 3d effects are mind blowing. haha!
ok so   isn't to bad but i think its finally ran its course.
  was absolutely fucking hilarious, due date was good, but not as good as i thought it might be.
just saw  . i wish it never ended.
just saw  , too funny
oh and   is really good, keeping it spoiler free
haven't laughed so hard in ages!    was sickkkk!
lmao  ....so much laughter, so much gagging #epic
  was pretty epic :)
  was ridiculously awesome
  was awesome. makes me want to put the trampoline on the roof and jump off.
highly recommends everyone go see  . funniest shit. i had tears. my makeup is ruined.
  was incredible. was hilarious. good moods gone though. not really gunna tweet tonight #justsaying
watched   tonight. it was funny! loved it!
  made me feel a bit sick. i thought it was funny that they provided us with vomit bags though.
  was funny but gross
  is amazing haha. you have no idea xd
just saw  . funniest, dirtiest, most painful thing i've seen in a long time.
  is awesome!
just watch  , funniest movie of 2010
  is so funny xd
  is the funnies fuckin movie ever,, got me fuckin rolling right now
so...jackass in 3d is one of the greatest things i've ever experienced. everyone has to watch it!!!!
just watched  . it was disgusting...i love it lol.
saw jackass in 3d....best fuckin 3d movie of the year!!! laughed my ass off! if you have not seen it...u have no idea what ur missin out on.
saw  . could've been funnier. had a fun night with larry, carolina, carolyn, steven, jorge, moe & paul.
holly hell just saw  ! funny shit
okay... jackass in 3d is a must see... best one yet.
watching jackass!!! 3d too fucking funny!!!
  is fucking genius... some of it is kinda stupid... but mostly genius
watched   today, surprisingly not that impressed. shall write up a review tomorrow. night all! =]
  was pretty good.. i give it 4stars
just went to see   thought it was a good movie made me jump and i'm use to scary movies
o by the way don't go see saw n 3d its super stupid it reminded me of final destination which was even more dumb
  was aweesome
just finished watching  ...good movie...poor chester
also,  , its not great, its not bad but its not great
 ? 6/10 - kinda good, but lacking in plausibility
well   was awesome, albeit very predictable to a saw fan, and i still refuse to buy into the 3d gimmick.
  was average at best. 3d elements were awful and the twist at the end was more predictable than half the bands around these days.
saw   yesterday, impressed by the gore, the ending was a bit effortless and convenient!but its finally ended ahhh!
just saw #jackass 3d. it was fucking awesome!
  not bad :) cuteeeeeeee
watched 2 movies, today. you again and  . the movies were great. hilarious.
watched " ", it was funny! only recommended for girls.. :)
 ..really really a good movie
by the way... " " may be my new favorite animated movie.  sorry, ice age.
  is an awesome movie. kiddos really enjoyed it :)
oh my giant blue head,   was pretty enjoyable. it's a real shame the marketing sucked so much.
saw   at the amc theater. it was funny and not as sadistic as most superhero movies tend to be.
  3-d was pretty cool. i enjoyed it.
just saw   (: it's pretty funny!great story, animation and music. i recommend seeing   if you can. i liked it very much.
just got back from seeing # . its so funny. i was still laughing as i was leaving the theater, its that good.
  is so funny, its such a great movie. i was still laughing as i was leaving the theater, its that good.
will ferrell is damn fool!!!  i can't even front...  is a pretty dope ass movie!!
  was fun. jackson had a good time. i didn't really see the need for it to be in 3d.
#  was incredible! great kids flick, colorful & imaginative use of 3d. #willferrell & #davidcross were funny. solid superhero parody.
yeah, ' ' is an awesome movie :-d
  is so cute. haha.
saw  : loved it! getting to dvd for sure....now to read my new children's crusade!!
  was cool n 3d....but wasn't even all dat funny....but rather watch it den watch colored girls again
i thoroughly enjoyed # . it was awesome. now never do that again. merry christmas.
  was great! def not a kids movie tho.. lots of adult themes.. 2 thumbs up tho!
i saw   in 2d yesterday. it was funny as hell. i advise you to go stoned.
ok, so i saw " " last night. it was great. it was "incredibles" good.
  is fun to watch
#  is like the best movie i have ever seen in my entire life! #slightexaggeration
#  was funiest movie . . i was laughing when movie turning on :))
lol, so #  is pretty funny.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
will ferrell + tina fey=magic! # - a cute movie to take the kiddos, moms, pops, and older siblings of twitterworld to.
  was brilliantly stupid and insanely evil yet with a warm centre..
  is the awesomess anti-hero film ever!!
  super funny~like like like!
  is very awesome! hilarious!
  was fun but my 'happy thing with no reason' was end.
  was just..okay. there were some haha-moments, but nothing more.
 : funny and entertaining with a simple story...
i had a good laugh watching # !
 , great movie-great twist-great humor..
  is really funny! :d
  is such a cute movieee
  is not bad. not bad at all. had a good laugh watching good vs evil vs evil being good. hehehe
i've watched   with my friend last week, it's awesome! haha. blue guy.
i saw " " last night and it was amazing!
  was the best movie of all time . all colored girls should go see it ! like right now !
i just watched ' ' it's a must see.
  is a traumatic ass movie it made me not trust myself!
tyler perry's recent film, " " was, i think,one of his better efforts. i loved the film.
  is a really good movie
  was an amazing movies never been moved by a movie like dat...n da poems was greatt...i wanna c it again
just saw  . i thought it was great.
  almost caught me tearing up..#goodmovie
i need to go see " " again. it was a really good movie.
uhmmm f.y.i   was awesome ... #thatisall
headed to see  ...heard it was the best movie of the year!!! im excited...
watching ' '. so many strong messages in this movie. halfway thru but it's a must-see.
  was too good!  i don't need to do anything but just sit and reflect
  was such an awesome movie. i give it like 100 thumbs up!!!!!!!!!!
  is an awesome movie! my man even loved it! it shows the dedication & strength of a black woman.
just seen  .......excellent!
omg  ....the best movie ever!!!
just got through seeing " "  excellent movie and very deep.  it is a must see.  i'm ready to see it again.
good morning, watched ' ' last night, it was a good movie but it kinda dragged, but i'd still recommend you go watch it.
i cried damn near thru the whole movie...  is riveting
i have mixed reviews about the movie  
#boringmovies   #wasteofmoney and #time
  was surprisingly good....
today i go to c   movie its very funny i laugh very much
  was enjoyable, but reminded me of how insanely high pixar has set the bar for stories. i now expect all animation to make me weep.
i really enjoyed enjoyed  ...bummed there aren't better toys for it.
that was from   (my current favorite movie). if you have not seen it......run don't walk...and go see it
  was a fun movie!
  was awesome!!!
saw  . recommended fun. animation no pixar, but great facial expressions and story. unless it's cheap, save money and see the 2-d.
what? i just saw  . its fantastic.
went to see   yesterday. the. best. animated. movie. ever!!! the graphics were great.the story was wonderfully written & acted!
planet 51 : not funny enough, standart story, predictable alure.. sorry,  is better (even i've ever said that   was average)..
saw   today, awesome movie!!!!!
" " was very good..makes me want to watch "incredibles"
just finished watching   in 3d. good movie, with a lot of laughs. 3d not worth it though.
despite the weather last night, made it to see # .  super funny movie!
took the kids to see   last night.  they said it was ginormously awesome.  i liked it too.
  movie was too cute
 , 3/5. it actually has a quite smart plot & good twists but the jokes are a bit stale.. still it's a fun movie to watch on theatre!
#  was epicly awesome... i love the way that the story goes funny sometimes, then romantic, and happy at the end... :d
just finish watched   3d awesome and very funny haha
  is nice! and funny!
what a cool movie.i love  ,really.even he's bald and just an animation hahhaha
just watched   last night.  best kid movie ever! i think i'm in love with the blue bad guy;)
hell yeah,  is fuckin great movie
  was awesome!!!!!!!!!
chilling with sk...   was good... enjoyed it tons... its great to finally b able to spend some quality time with frens... :)
after watched  . it was such a great hilarious film! :-)
ok, so   is cool and funny. really worth it ang pagnood. :d
  is damn fun xd
  was totaly funny!!
just watch  . ^_^ it was a cool movie!! ^_^ it was so funny! :)
  kicks ass for pure awesomeness :))) (>.<)
  was so much better than i expected- plus, i haven't been to the movies in months, so i had a great time automatically! #goodtime
just finished watchin  -totally enjoyed it-hey young world!
#  is an excellent, well-crafted thriller. full review soon. #nowplaying
i've probably dissed tony scott in the past but   was a pretty little flick. i liked it better than last year's pelham 123.
just watched  .... and i must say an amazing movie!
saw " ," a nice movie in which the credits listed a hairstylist for denzel washington. his character was bald.
words cannot express how shit #  is ~ 0 out of 5 ~ #movie #review
monkeys scripted  , i'm sure of it. save your money for a colonic irrigation, you'll enjoy it more.
i will now review " " in three words: "see anything else". crap script, pointless borrowed old story, awful characters. nice fx. 3/10.
i'm struggling to think of a worse film than  . biggest pile of shite i think i've ever seen.
just watched  ! don't ever waste ur time let alone money its disgraceful! cringe, cheese, insane
that was the most brilliant shit film i've seen in a long time! if you've a penchant for camp, terrible sci-fi, go see  .
what a rubbish end to  ! major disappointment.
i warn you -   is a god-awful film. the most enjoyable part is laughing at the script.
don't go see  ....stupidest movie in the history....walked out
wow...   was utter fail!  that terrible syfy movie on the week  crap was better than    #whydidiwastemymoney?
dont watch  . a disappointment. the film should be the trailer! 4/10
wow this movie just went from bad to incredibad. # 
just seen   at the cinema. stupid movie, no plot and story, too predictable and a retarded ending. avoid it like the plague!!!
note to tweeters: avoid watching #  - it's the biggest pile of pap i've seen in a long time. weak plot and shockingly bad acting.
just watched # ... not the best film of the year, but still pretty darn #awesome!
just watched the film ' '. it is average, much of it has been done and seen before, though the ending was a bit different...
went to see  . not as bad the reviews on rotten tomatoes suggested, i enjoyed it despite working out most of the plot early on#.fb
  was super bad
#  is such a rubbish film! now i got this longgggg journey home in the cold :-(
the first hour of   was good. the rest of it however was absolutely ridiculous!
just saw the most terrible film,  ! oh my god how do i express how bad it was..now need wine and pizza to recover
#  review: complete bollocks. terrible script. all characters are brainless (even before attack) nonsense of century. go see it!
  was pretty good, i just thought the ending was a bit over the top.
#  has such a weird ending.
sad to say   was as bad as eveyone said :( oh well the next eric movie will be better :)
went to see  . not bad movie. didn't know what it was about but it was ok.
been to see  . what a load of tosh that was. poor script, crap acting and totally unbelieveable ending.
really enjoyed   gd film !
ooommmgggg!!!!!!   is the dumbest moie i hae ever seen! it looks amaziing, but it is sooooooo dumb!!  doo not waste your money!! aahh!
btw everyone if you're thinking of watching   then don't. it's seriously bad.
if your having a hard time getting some sleep just go see the movie " " that shit will put you straight to sleep.
well,   was fun. in a hilarious, this-is-unbelievably-bad sort of way. couldn't quite believe what i was seeing.
#randomthought   the movie was prolly the dumbest shit ive ever seen this year...
final 6 minutes of   turn it from barely ok, straight into one of the worst of the year. awful. eric balfour shuda known better.
my gorepress review just posted for #  - www.gorepress.com/2010/11/18/ / - do no see this film. it's a shocking bag of bollocks.
anyone seen # ? only you can share the pain that is sitting through that film. so bad it's hilarious.
so i went to see #  the other night. the worst movie i have ever seen. you will #slapyourself if you go see it.
holy shot #  is so bad. so so so bad. i have a headache from trying to understand it.
just went to see  . dear god that was a terrible film. like really really really terrible.
watching  , boring! where are the aliens?
  is the worst movie i have seen in probably 3 years. it was so bad even a glee marathon sounds good. # sucks #gleesucks
movie don't:   was a waste of 1 hr 40 min that could have been spent on something more productive. poor plot & ending.
worst movie of the year award goes to (drum roll please).... " " lol the most random movie ever
  is best nominated for the worst movie
my spine is broken. on other news,   was the most ridiculous film ever. seriously. holy crap, aliens, lets make some dumb decisions.
just left the movies from seeing " ", that had to be one of the worst movies i have ever saw in my life thats how bad it was lmao!
just watched " ." i was amazed at the special effects.
  is a terrible, terrible movie. so bad, that we turned it into a synonym for "terrible." ie: "omg, this gazpacho is so  !"
  the movie is the stupidest movie ever!hanjing
 : undoubtedly the worst movie i've watched this year.
saw the movie  , don't bother wasting your money. very crappy movie. don"t know what they were thinking.
i have a #  hangover this morning. it was suuuuch a bad movie.
  the worst movie of the year!! wasted my money!!!
just watched  ! it was such a cute movie!!!! lol
we had lots of fun in   the movie was amazing
halfway through  ; maximus the horse for best supporting character. movie very, very funny and sweet :d
the movie   is soo funny!
  was an amazing movie.
my husband and kids raved about   and megamind.  husband says   is best kid movie ever, deserves to win oscar!
i seriously can't get over how adorable   was.  one of my new favorite movies; so amazing
  was amazing! it's such a great story!
  was the cutest movie ever!!
if y'all havnt seen  ......gooooo!! i can't get the beauty of the movie out my head!
finally saw  , and loved it!  #mandymoore is the perfect rapunzel.. =`)
rapunzel   tale was damn funny sia de horse is damn funny!
  was an awesome movie. really a   movie :)
  is a funnnnnny disney movie! go check it out
just watched   at the avenues with some friends ^^ good movie. laughed a lot, it was nice.
oh watched that   movie last night. i really quite liked it. sweet without being too cloying. and the horse cracked me up.
okay, i *love*  . it is so freaking cute.
.....movie last night was one of the sweetest i've seen :d i loved it! ( ) haha :p
88%  : while far from disney's greatest film,   is a visually stunning, thoroughly entertaining addition to the studio's ...
  is too funny all of you need to go see it now :p
  was so much fun!
  is one of the best cartoons i've seen in 10 years. i really loved it!
  was great,didn't expect it to be so awesome,it's fun watching cartoons once in awhile
watching  . oh my, this is really a good movie. :)
" " is soooo sweet. and zachery levi can sing *_* note to self: continue watching chuck.
watched #  last week, bought the soundtrack too. awesome movie. kudos #christinaaguillera!
  was beyond brilliant. spectacular.
34%  : campy and clichéd,   wastes its talented cast (including a better-than-expected christina aguilera) on a movie...
went to see   last night... i loved it! but then again i love most movies so i'm not the best critic
  was amazing! loved it. total girlie movie - singing, dancing, eyecandy, guy gets girl, fab costumes and makeup...total swoon
yeah, i've gotta go watch   this week! i've been wantin' to go watch it so bad!!!
ok so   made me cry! it was adorable.
i checked out   last night. it was pretty good. #movies
i'll admit   looks alright, and prob will see it :p
  is such a great movie.
" " was a really good movie!
enjoyed  . it's a good movie for a date
i enjoyed  . i didn't know what it was really about before i went in but it was decent.
  was super good! yup, just said super.
  was an amazing movie!
  is absolutely amazing.
  was the worst movie i have ever seen.
just saw   loved it ! totally awesome
  might be my new favorite movie
fyi   is hilariously good
there this movie coming out called   and in a freze frame you can see jake guyllemhaals penis google jakes penis
  -- cute. sad. romantic. funny. emotional. -all at the same time. my fav.
  was pretty decent.ur standard love story with a couple if twists.
#  is awesome.
i saw " " this weekend.  it is one of the most intellectually, socially and morally offensive movies i have ever seen.
amazing movie  . a must see
 . i liked the movie.
" " was really good!!!!
it seems " " is dividing audiences and critics. i loved it. #ninjasdamn
do yourself a favor: see " ." a beautify strange and entertaining film. uniquely stylized, and well told. *****
okay so i didn't wanna see   but it was one of the best movies i seen in a long time. shout out to the writers...great story
just saw " ". it was some good ass kickin in that shit!
saw   last night.  it was pretty goofy.
saw  , not a great film but one of the most fun to watch of any i've seen this year, was just a joy to watch.  almost got into so bad it's good territory, but ended up being the worst film i've seen in ages. rush & huston = ashamed
omg the movie   is awesome!
  was funny but gory.
  was entertaining.  i recommend it if you have a spare $10 lying around.  if you'd have to scrounge, don't worry about it.
" " was fucking awesome. western-ninja-sword master-revenge-movie. great great great movie. gotta watch it again!
surprise of the night: " " was a really good movie! #fb
  was awful.
watched   last nite. wayyyy awesome!
saw warrior's way tonight. 2/3 of that movie was terrible, but the third act was worth the price of admission on its own.
if you want to watch a great movie, catch  ...it's visually awesome and just different. i like!
  was an awesome movie! it was funny and has good actions! love it!
  was dumb.. funny.. and kinda good towards the end.. if that makes any sense.. lol
  is an intensely weird movie
just seen   - most definitely the best of the films so far. #film #cinema #harrypotter
just seen  ! thought it was really good, actually sad about dobby, looking forward to the next one! :)
watched '  pt 1' it's pretty entertaining but not amazing. what happened to ron's nomnomlicious body? xd
i just watched   part 1...congrats to all the actors/actress for the movie...it's awesome!!!
  deserves to be considered for best cinematography. i mean... have you seen the film? it's gorgeous.
  part 1 (2010)- as an autonomous film, it's gratuitously unpleasant & has a worthless narrative ** of 5
  is probably like, the greatest creation to ever descend upon earth.
  is the best comedy since devil wears parada!- some people are just plain lonely
go see " "!  it's amazing!
  was ridiculous.
wow, great movie!   is not for the faint of heart. there is about 2 minutes of gore so cover your eyes. ;)
  is incredible. i felt like i was there with him, trying to escape from the rock.
  didn't make me pass out or throw up, but it did deepen my appreciation for danny boyle's directorial genius. loved it.
  was really good. a bit graphic but good!
  is a phenomenal movie!! if james franco doesn't win an academy award ... then the whole system is corrupt!
  was very good. especially considering the fact that the whole movie was a man and a boulder lol i'm glad i saw it! i love climbing
  was extremely good. very intense. go see it.
  was pretty incredible. hard to watch at parts, but definitely worth seeing.
  was so amazing.
  was incredible.  seriously can't put it into words.  go see it.
  was intense and incredible! james franco for emperor of the universe.
  was amazing
  need to be seen by everyone. it was so good! sigur ros in the final scene #perfection
just saw   .  wow.  what a film.  oscar all over it
  was really good.  james franco was phenomenal in his role. #fb
  is ace. expect an oscar nom for james franco!!
  is incredible
  was really good. can't imagine breaking my own arm off.
  wit james franco wow its a very good movie!! loved it! ppl u need to check it out!!
saw   a second time and it only gets better. i think franco should get an oscar
  was unbelievable - a true testament to how resilient we are. glad i braved the amputation scene.
i hope james franco wins any and all awards that he can for * *. it's an amazingly powerful film.
  is awesome!!!
  = highly recommended.
  is insanee
watching the  .... first movie of many today. it's terrible,
  was amazing.
can't stop thinking about  . so epic.
saw "waiting for 'superman'" last night and have been thinking about it all day. such an excellent film.
" "  is the most powerful movie/film/documentary i have even seen in life
*wake up everybody*!!!
we are their heroes
just saw  . it's a great movie.
wine gets better with age. woody allen doesn't. ' ' is probably his worst.
what a waste of time ' ' is. woodyallensque look at love, with shallow characters and fully clothed freida!
just saw   - it was good
zomaigod, i'm so in love with   now. ballet, communism, romance. highly recommended.
just watched  . have seen it twice already but it still doesn't fail to amaze and inspire me.
#nowplaying  , it's a pretty fascinating story so far
  is a really good movie!
  was not a good movie... tyler took dramatic to the furthest level of #toomuch ....
yea,   was pretty bad.. fux outta here! life aint that hard on no chick i've ever met!
  was a great movie but too much poetry
 : a good movie, but also very predictable and overly dramatic. its meant to inspire but just makes u hate men
  was the best movie ever
  best movie hands down!!! everyone must go see it
  movie is the bomb i watched it 4 times yesterday btw
  is a great movie ;)
 , great movie
  was amazing! we had a great time at the screening last night. thank you tower theater.
  was amazing i love natalie portman!
if you haven't seen   yet, go see it!  it will be in wide release this weekend, and is amazing!  (in my opinion, of course)
i cannot stop thinking about   after seeing it last night...creepy!  natalie portman was amazing and beautiful.  it's a must see!
  was so amazingly intense!
darren aronofsky is a genius. " " is by far the best movie i've seen this year.
i might keel over due to the intensity and genius that is  .
  was pretty damn amazing. love and love.
wow   is intense!! brilliant and tortured, uncomfortable and beautiful all in one.
  is brilliant.
  is dark, intense, incredible, and one of the best movies i've seen in a long time!
just saw " ." it's a fantastic film about obsession to be perfect.  check it out!
just saw  . it was excellent. btw, natalie portman is beautiful in real life.
" " was amazing! great acting and directing! #blackswan
  was so fucking good.
finally saw the   : amazing film!! natalie portman is such a great actress and so beautiful
  is amazing. so. fucking. amazing.
  was amazing!
keep thinking how amazingly well done   was. wow.
loved  . natalie portman, mila kunis, barbara hershey all phenomenal. see it asap!
  was hilarious!
" " was awesome. deakins did a kick-ass dp job. it was surprisingly touching & funny. not as violent as i feared. great acting. a++
 ? fantastic! it lives up to the original, in my opinion, and then some. the coen brothers don't disappoint. see this
i thought   was very mediocre. it's not good that barry pepper & brolin show up for 5 mins and finally make the movie interesting.
just saw  . pretty good. kinda slow at times. lots of dialogue.
i just saw  . good movie.
 . five out if five. if you like westerns. go see it. if you don't. go see it. you will love it...
tired but   was awesome.
so   was like the worst movie i ever saw all the horses  died:(
  magnificent and flawless. beautifully crafted with stunning performances. a truly great film. grade a+
  a great film. highly recommended. jeff bridges may have exceeded performance in crazy heart.
in fact guys,   actually kinda sucked. matt damon is a bitch and doesn't need to be in a western. it had it's moments though.
just finished watching  ! what an amazing movie -- superor in every way to the original and saying that about a movie is hard to ...
i'm a movie-going machine.   was very good, slow at points but a solid film
jeff bridges, you continue to amaze me.   is one of the finest films of the year. #bridgesforbestactor
the new   is awesome... i wouldnt watch the original as i cant stand john wayne but bridges was amazing...
  was definitely good as fuck
oh man,   owned.
although its hard to replace john wayne,   was real good. brilliant soundtrack.
  - i liked it. didn't love it.
really well acted.
could have done without the end.
saw  ,  way too slow and boring, sucked, left after 1 hour 20 minutes.  figured they'd get the bad guy, big deal.
  was a major disappointment.
 . loved it. great cast, great dialogue. another coen brothers masterpiece.
  was freaking awesome
go see  . worth every penny.
  was a good movie
now i see why everyone was raving about  , it's an amazing movie.
saw ' .' loved it. great script, surprisingly homorous. jeff bridges is terrific + youngster hailee steinfeld deserves an oscar nom.
  = great movie
  was awesome. another gem from the #coenbrothers
  was fantastic, so entertaining. now i want to play red dead redemption again.
" " = amazing, amazing movie. i insist that you go see it immediately.
  was awesooome!!! everyone should see it!
  funny movie :)
  was ok i guess, took a while to get going but has it's funny moments!
id highly recommend the film '   ' was very good #cherettes
  was actually pretty decent :)
  was mad average
  is not wht u expected its not funny forreal its dumb dont go see it
what the fock.   is awful.
saw   earlier...loved it! definitely recommend it! :'d
dont remember half of  .. it was so boring i fell asleep :/
well,   was quite good, obviously not as good as the first one, but worth a watch!
just saw   and it was terrible! #disappointed
saw   yesterday'. it was pretty gooood
just saw   at the cinema..too funny:)
 ..don't do it. possibly the worst film in history. jack loved it!!!!
  2 star at best, mediocre at worst.
  was, according to my sister, "quite lame leh, but i don't know why i still laughed." so it was passable.
  is just... ummm.. weird.
later on, went back to school to say hi to teachers; caught   after that-it had its funny moments but was rather mediocre.
  was utter rubbish. i'm now in the mood for a 2-hr indoor bike workout.
what ever you do never, yep i said never watch  . it was so boring and it had no reason to be in 3d. overall it sucked.
i went to see   today. it was fucking hilarious! i loved it :d
just been to see   (jack black). rubbish - in my humble opinion!
 . underwritten, underacted, lazy and over-all, poor. dissapointed, even with loe expectations.
feel like watching   again. hahah damn funny laaaaaa.
  legit looks like the shittest movie ever. i can't even stand when the preview comes on at the cinema.
just been to see  . it was terrible!!
then again, any movie's good after watching   yesterday...dumb and predictable, with mediocre acting (in my opinion)
" " is a great movie with a perfect twist ending! :-d
the   = hella dumb . waste of time .
whoa! the   may be one of the freakiest movies i've ever seen...
" " - must seen!! incredible!!
jus saw   and i can honestly say that i just wasted 2 hours of my life!
Super 8 was good :)
Well...Super 8 would have been good if it didn't have a lame disney ending....
"Super 8" was FANTASTIC!!
Super 8 was so fucking good. YES, I cried at the end. Ugh, I HAVE TO SEE IT AGAIN.
Super 8 is all about visual & acoustics. Good performance by all. Story was too light. Must watch once.
Kung fu panda 2 was sooooo good!
Just saw Kung Fu Panda 2. Loved it!
Kung Fu panda 2 was awlrightsssss. Funny.
was an outrageous over the top action movie, but what else would you expect with that cast
very nice film
good, funny, lots of action, why were people whining about it?
action packed + a mix of humor movies.. i like!!
.....not the best movie but best action i've seen all year!!!.....as in shooting ati karate toh badt
 is so much fun to watch, you just know the stars had an absolute riot making the film, story is lacking but who cares! :)
so i hear  hits dvd on nov23. official? don't know, but i hope so. it's killing me waiting for this movie! loved it so much!
, awesome movie!
 is probably one the most action packed movies ive ever seen. way better than i thought it was going to be
back form watching, really great movie!
was a great film.
am i the only one that thought was hilarious.
just saw, insane! thought everyone in here is gonna go home and go straight on facebook. this is a cultural revolution!
just back from seeing - excellent.
what an inspiring film!
, very interesting movie- mark is a genius!
very much enjoyed ! even understood some of the nerd speak.
not strictly factual but a great film regardless. glad i went.
wow is a great movie. image becoming a billionaire from a site you started?
great film! had fun night out thai food and cinema, and discovered not too old for knee high socks and mini skirt, bonus!
really good film, also experienced vue gold class for the 1st time - amazing!
great movie. particularly if you are in to social media! fast, gripping and insightful
is a brilliant film, really enjoyed it!
just watched...like it!
is really awesome.
really interesting and funny! life without facebook would be weird!
a must see for all the ! 4 stars.
saw the  today and it was awesome! didn't think it would be but was such a good film
was a solid movie. i just expected too much based on all the positive reviews.
: recommended. much better than actual facebook.
 was the best film ive seen in a longgggg time!
i really like , enjoyed watching how an idea could evolve and turn into a huge success ....
just seen . terrific film, recommended.
the  movie is good anyway !!i think you all have to check it guys !! ;)
i watched and i loooove it. great film, really!
 satisfied the geek side while also being a damn fine film to boot. only film to mention both wget and victoria secret models
"you know how much i've read about you? nothing." - the  is a must see.
an excellent film.
also my family's getting tired of me saying what a great movie the  is 7 times a day.
recommends you all go and see 'the '
brain crash!!  was amazing. now off to my hometown
i thought was actually very good
saw last night. first scene was the best. the movie was pretty amazing i love sorkin
just watched nice movie.
really liked ; clever to tell the story via the lawsuits
the  was awesome, but it's just made me miss the west wing like woah.
highly recommended.
is actually a good movie..
is truly brilliant: also surprisingly aware of what's happening to society and unexpectedly prescient.
just watched movie in cinema. it's really good! :)
btw, is a must, great movie!
 movie was very nice . feel like programming all night now.
yes, i was living under a rock... and.. finally saw the  - a riveting watch!
just finished watching, what a fantastic movie! loved it!
 is so good! though jt's looking a little old...
i saw last night.. what a fantastic movie, it took someone like david fincher to make that story so cool
 is well worth the watch!
 was great.
i now have a strange desire to boycott all ing...well that lasted 2 minutes. loved it!
 was a great movie
was definitely worth watching.
is the movie to watch... enjoyed every second
was much better than i expected.  actually pretty ace.
its a great movie why didn't i see it sooner...well at least i did. :)
 :) 
best movie ever
 is a good movie to watch...apparently the book is even better.
is a movie look like a vacation & what a great vacation! (: u must see it actroversyamo (:
it was awesome for the most bit ... cant believe it got bad reviews... anyways except for emotional extravaganza..
it was niiiice.
nice nice. sweet!:)
done.. :)
is a recommended film to watch, because this movie is really suitable for the people who seek meaning in life....
great girly movie:)
awesome movie :-)
pretty good.
 was an awesome film.
great movie. that would be an amazing journey i'd love to take one day
 was pretty good.. i give it 4stars
just went to see  thought it was a good movie made me jump and i'm use to scary movies
 deff worth going to see even if some bits did make me feel sick lol
been to see saw 7 / . its really the end this time, apparently. was better than expected.
finally saw  smart move over all. not  much 3d really.but story line is great.glad i watched them all again before seeing this one
 was fuckin nuts! my belly is doin a madness afta seeing all dis gruesome stuff
loved ! not for the weak hearted though....an awesome ending to an awesome story nonetheless....
 was the shit. love.
just went to see-saw (3d). it's wasn't what you'd call pleasant, but damn if those aren't some inventive films!
just got back from seeing . it's alright... was good but nothing beats the one before or the first one. pathetic actors at start tho!
 was aweesome
 rocks!  if like me you love blood guts and gore - go see this film.
hi all! had an interesting day! went and saw ! very gory i must say!
just finished watching ...good movie...poor chester
just watched  and really enjoyed it, 3d worked very well (not over used) and the series was ended well all wrapped up niceley
saw vii 3d you did not disappoint < cant spell, but what a great ending :)
. . good stuff. . enjoyed it :-)
 was fuckin crazy though =/
 worth 12 bucks? hell yea...probably one of the most fucked up twists i've ever seen. will i miss flying intestines? hell yea. g night
well  was awesome, albeit very predictable to a saw fan, and i still refuse to buy into the 3d gimmick.
 was amazing! day without lectures tomorrow = epic win.
 was awesome!!
 it was a good movie. good plots.
just been to watch , quite good although the 3d was not needed at all! just wrecks your eyes!
wow im surpised.  was actually good.
it's so fuckin amazing. i can't wait to watch the final chapter,
i had the time of my life toniiiiiiiiiight!:d was probably the highlight of my night:p so good:l
seeing  for the second time. awesome.
woooow, i actually enjoyed , amaaazing movie
oooo  excited.. much!! i love abit of gore
i flinched back in my seat countless times-so realistic! what an outstanding twist at the end-didn't
"" was outstanding!! 3d made it so much better-all that blood and body parts flying out of the screen right at you!!!
oh yeah... was that shit!!!. i enjoyed it!!!.
had so much funn  was nastyyy
just finished watching  , wow its the best saw , very weird but yet cool , that's hot ;)
just watched , it was awesomee ! and scary !
 is pure disturbed....saying that i'd recommend it to everyone,over the age of 18 obviously
 was so much better than i expected. so fucking awesome, i'll be seeing it again & again!!!!!
 was surprisingly good....
today i go to c  movie its very funny i laugh very much
i really enjoyed enjoyed ...bummed there aren't better toys for it.
that was from  (my current favorite movie). if you have not seen it......run don't walk...and go see it
 was a fun movie!
who has seen ?!?! its so funny!!
 was awesome!!!
 is awesome :d
what? i just saw . its fantastic.
ollo!  is awesome.
went to see  yesterday. the. best. animated. movie. ever!!! the graphics were great.the story was wonderfully written & acted!
saw  today, awesome movie!!!!!
was very good.
just finished watching  in 3d. good movie, with a lot of laughs. 3d not worth it though.
took the kids to see  last night.  they said it was ginormously awesome.  i liked it too.
 movie was too cute
 was quite awesooooooomeee
, 3/5. it actually has a quite smart plot & good twists but the jokes are a bit stale.. still it's a fun movie to watch on theatre!
 , you made me feel like watching again .
awesome and very funny haha
 is nice! and funny!
what a cool movie.i love ,really.even he's bald and just an animation hahhaha
just watched  last night.  best kid movie ever! i think i'm in love with the blue bad guy;)
hell yeah, is fuckin great movie
 was awesome!!!!!!!!!
chilling with sk...  was good... enjoyed it tons...
after watched . it was such a great hilarious film! :-)
is awesome :d
ok, so  is cool and funny. really worth it ang pagnood. :d
 is damn fun xd
 was totaly funny!!
just watch . ^_^ it was a cool movie!! ^_^ it was so funny! :)
mer. havent tweeted much tonight. been to the cinema to see !! it was awesome :d
i love  so much. think i'm gonna watch it again.
 was some scary ass shit! loved it!
i know i say this a lot, but  really fucked me up!! the power went out and my heart started racing!!
sat through  by myself and loved every terrifying minute of it!
was extremely bs!!! -_-" now i'm gonna watch for the 4th time. ha i frickin' love this movie!
was amazing !! i'm afraid .. but is a good movie..  !! xo !!
whoever hasn't seen  should deff go see it. it's worth watching :)
 amazing. i really really enjoyed it. great stuff. jumped outta my skin a few times.
 was awesome!!!!
so  was actually quite good!
verdict on .... very good, well worth watching.
, is a really good movie :)
! is awesome so far!
just watched ..amazing one!! waiting for the second part (:
 part one... was amazing!!
i'm most definitely thankful to have finally seen . fantastic. :)
today,  is very fun!!! and i love it!!! ;-) good night and sweet dreams!!!
 (& 1/2) absolutely brilliant!
 amazing! wow ending can't wait 4 the climax! twill b the end of an era! what will one do!
amazing film, one of my faves of the 7 i think! :)
just got home! saw  in imax! it was amazing!
whoa!  literally took my breath away countless times! so well made, so intriguing! but they shouldn't have made the elf die :(
wow!   was incredible! seriously! wow! :d
omg!!! did u see ??? it was ah-mazing!!!! i still love the book better, but the movie was gr8t!!!
.1. best movie ever. that's just how i feel now tho. lol. but serzly, that film kicked ass. great acting, great set pieces.
 was amazing!:) can't wait for :d
was insane!!! best oneo ut of the 7 for sure!!!
oh my goodness!   was amazing! can't wait for  now!
  was amazing! such a good film... so mean that we gotta wait til july 2011 for . love love loved it! :)
okay. i saw . it's amazing. it's art. art.
home.  is definitely amazing. doby love <3
 awesome , dobby made me cry :( i hate bellatrix , i love my cousins <3
just saw  with m'lady. it was a very awesome movie.
.1 was awesome, 
 was pretty fucking amazing.
i love harry potter.so,this weekend i will see it again.it is the second time for 7-1.with different people.
 is my favorite book/movie. wow, amazing.
 is one of the best movie in this year... :-)
  was fuckin awesome. rupes is hot.
today i saw . i really loved it :)
home atlast! :)  is brilliantly epic!! best of the series! i had a magical day today! :) goodnight tweeps!!
just come back from watching  ....n it's was so fascinating.....i cant wait for the
seen ! ammmmazing film best so far!
 was fabulous. it ended at a perfect spot i thought. *thumbs up*
really enjoyed
  is by far the best so far! it flowed so nicely & had you at the edge of your seat the whole time! peter & i loved it
everyone must see the new # film it is amazing
  is by far the best movie adaptation of harry potter book so far!really hoping the  will overtook this movie! :d
 that movie was awesome !
was awesome!! can't wait for the next, final sequence of hp movies! :-)
.1 was amazing!!!
  is awesome!! can't wait for   :d
 was mad awesome. i seriously don't mind watching it again. it's so exciting, no one can sleep half way. (:
, great film! worth a watch.
was a good movie!check it out!
# is some damn good entertainment. a slick, big budget b-movie, that aims to be nothing more than that. i thoroughly enjoyed it.
just seen '' brilliant movie! kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the film.
actual review of : both trains were fucking awesome
 is an awesome film! dk recommendation stamped!
 was a great movie (:
just saw "", it was brilliant!
 is an amazing movie.
just saw !! :) really great movie...and great company too.
 was a sweet movie. don't read the reviews, just see it.
if you get a chance, go see . i saw it last night and i'm still thinking about how much i enjoyed it.
 was one of the best movies i've seen in a while. a definite favorite.
don't miss "" starring #russellcrowe ... it's amazing... been a long tine since i watched a good movie like that :)))
 was great. very suspenseful. go see it, you won't be disappointed.
 was pretty intense- but it was awesome!!
just finished watching . ended up being a really decent movie.
i would highly recommend watching 
wow! the movie " " was so good actually, i loved it
 is rlly a must see though
 was an amazing movie. i loved it.
 was the best most romantic movie<3
i love the movie "" its the best movie ever! so funny and so sweet.
aggghhh i just love it.
 was super cute!!
# is one of the best movies i've ever seen! i love it sooooo much(:
just saw . it looks amazing throughout. loved the character designs and overall art style! felt like traditional animation!
#jpmm i went and saw  last weekend and it was awesome, there were sad and funny parts and i recomend everyone to go see it
# is so awesome, i love this ♥
# was a brilliant film. i loved it! i want to see it again. and again. and again. and again and again and again. and again. c:
:  i went in with zero expectations of disney's 50th feature but undisney-like twists made it impossible to forget.  9/10
i loved . it's the closest anyone's come to the classic disney style of storytelling in years.
# was so incredibly cute! lovely modern princess story. awesome day with my little girl :)
"" is the best 3d movie i've seen yet, so funny, the horse is epic, go see it if u haven't yet
took the grandkids to see disney's new movie "." it's a great movie! kids and adults will like it.
# was incredible!  an entire animation team just for her hair....wow.
hey disney, gues you've got yourself a new classic! loved. loved it.
 is amazing :)) goo see it tweet peeps!
 was beyond brilliant. spectacular.
hey guys and gals, if you got time u have to see ! it was really good and i enjoyed it so much... drag ur girlfriend or honey!
 was awesome.  is awesome.  had to start downloading the songs so i can dance all the way to work...
 was amazing! loved it. total girlie movie - singing, dancing, eyecandy, guy gets girl, fab costumes and makeup...total swoon
 was awesome today!!!
just got home from , it was actually really good.  i wish i could dance!
everyone must see ! such an amazing movie
 was awesome! can't wait for it to come out on dvd!
 was awesome!
just watched  the actions is crazy but the dialog reminds me of "u got served" it was terrible!
 is crap, really!
 is a terrible movie. red is an order of magnitude better in all regards.
i just watched . it was a load of bullshit and seriously.... terrible.
i just saw , what an utter disappointment.
.. call me boring.. but found it quite boring. :s?
just watched the movie... its about #facebook actually... kinda boring movie =/ boehoee!
disappointing.
is a very very clever film and made me love jesse eisenberg loads more, but there is no denying that it is in fact crap.
just saw : superb script, beautifully directed, but a little too depressing to be entertaining. shame.
one of the most boring movies since a long time (and sleep)
i don't see how the same guy who writes glee wrote the screenplay for . this is terrible.
so for me, is like over two hours of stuff i don't get. maybe my iq just degraded in between that 2 hours. or something.
 made me sleep
i have never in my entire life literally slept in a theater while watching a movie, until
i don't like . i think i don't have the brains to understand what the heck the movie is trying to say.
sooo unexceptional. a little bit dull and way too long... not sure i can be bothered finishing the book now either..
watched . renaming that movie to bored
o by the way don't go see saw n 3d its super stupid it reminded me of final destination which was even more dumb
i saw "" today. that was pointless. even the movies before that, had a purpose. -.- this one was shit, and just plain gross.
omg went to watch  like ewww.. was way more ewww then it evert could be.. i didnt like the film... n im a horror fanatic! lol
 tonight. i'm just stoked i'll never have to see another saw movie
 is just disgusting made me actually feel so sick lol!
 was disappointing
 sucked. just a little blood spatter w/ 3d..cmon give me body parts..something....game over.
btw whoever made  is a twisted individual & needs help asap! what a fucked up movie! lol never seen any saw movies before & never will
regarding : evil i can stand, but stupidity, lack of style and story on such a high level should be illegal.
oh yh  worst 3d movie ever didn't need the glasses :-/ nice twist at the end but that's about it. disappointed :(
was hoping  would actually wrap up the series.  instead it failed to answer so many questions from previous films, and raised more
 was wack asab fucking terrible smh
lol havent tweeted in a while... s'up peeps?? :p went to see  last night.... never again... way to gory :p x
i went to see  again. i hate that movie. it's such a mistake.
i seen  last night, it was nasty as shitt
 is one disgustin movie....seriously how do ppl come up with that kinda shit. good ending tho...
seen ....sick and not in that good way but better than what i was expecting, seen the ending 4 saw films ago...3d was good though
so, i watched  last night. didn't realise it was a comedy. poor. one star.
this is my advice to you : don't watch  .. it's sooo boring . actually i don't like it .. part 1 was better than part 2
just watched  thought the first one was bad the second one even worse that's 85mins of my life  i'll never get back
 is just as bad as the first one |: except funnier (:
 was boring.
= horrible.  firstone was better. two thumbs down. #teamfollowback.
ate pizza & sushi just now! unagi!! woohoo. sucks! the king of fighters toooooooooo! -__- waste of time & money.
 was fucking stupid ; not even scary .
if u havent seen paranormal activity yet, i suggest u dont. not cuz it's too scary. it just sucks. 2 hours of ur life u'll never get back.
 is the worst movie ever created! that was a waste of time n money!
 is sooooo boring :s
well that was awful. don't see ! well jumpy, had me friggin on the edge for the whole thing!
saw  yesterday, regretted that i saw it on cinema. horrible.
 is full jokes, what a shit film!
went to watch the movie # today. what a bag of shit! its so bad you feel bad for the cast who took part in making that shit flick
 is quite possibly the shittest movie ive seen in a very long time. awful. the director needs to apologise to all who have seen it!
 is a terrible movie. just so you movie-goers know.
# the movie.... speechless from terrible movie making.
 is easily the worst film of the year for me, although it made me laugh more than any film this year too.
. my review. what. the. hell?
'' is the worst movie i've seen in years. so wooden. in fact the last time i saw this much wood was at a ron jeremy convention.
movie  was not what i expected. didn't like it much. cannot recommend it.
 is one of the worst films i have ever seen we laughed all the way thru
 is not worth seeing i have nothing good to say about it
# was quite disappointing. visual effects 5/5, everything else 1/5.
 movie isn't the best sci-fi movie. i got bored watching this one, luckily i didn't watch it on the big screen.
 looks like shit...just had to put it out there. and they had an awful cast.
thoughts on .1: complete waste of 3 hours of my life.
 - part 1 was really, really bad. then again most hp movies have been.
disappointed in  pt1. i hate david yates. was still okay to watch, but damnit when will the story ever be right in the movies?
what the hell is wrong with cinema today? looks god awful. an unmanned train? with 8 carriages of chemicals on on it?#bbcfilm2010
don't go see . it was awful. the only thing making it bearable was watching chris pine! he is a dream!!!
the film '' with cher and christina aguilera doesn't look exciting at all - i wouldn't  even spend money on buying it on pirate dvd
the film '' with cher and christina aguilera doesn't look exciting at all - i wouldn't  even spend money on buying it on pirate dvd
warrior's way was horrible, we didn't even stay in the cinema for an hour
 was damn near another version of kill bill....i shud kick his ass 4 choosin dat retarded movie lol
says that the movie  is strange, but not entertaining and it's disappointing
no, i didn't like "." too much scott pilgrim in my cowboy ninja movie. some good stuff, too much bad stuff.
 almost got into so bad it's good territory, but ended up being the worst film i've seen in ages. rush & huston = ashamed
warrior's way was a complete mess of a film, btw. had some exciting moments at the climax, but everything else was just a mess.
 was awful.
 was the worst movie i have ever seen.
'' was dumb and a total bollywood movie in a bad way
'' is not my favorite movie, kind of wish i did not see it :( :(
yesterday i went to alegro to the cinema to watch "" and i didn't like it at all, as i thought, a cheap imitation of "the hangover"
 wasn't all that! afew funny bits here and there but overall i'd rate it pretty poorly.
the  (d-/24): sadly, it's just badly conceived and dull rather than amusingly terrible. also, stop the 3d scam.
watching the .... first movie of many today. it's terrible,
'': hide your children from this nightmare
there's a part of me that wants to see the  just to see how freaking godawful it is.
 was not a good movie... tyler took dramatic to the furthest level of #toomuch ....
just seen ... that shit was depressing smh
totally unrelated, but  sucks.
what a waste of time '' is. woodyallensque look at love, with shallow characters and fully clothed freida!
how is "" still playing?? it wasn't that good. so many other things out now -why waste a screen?
 was one of the most ridiculous movies i've ever seen.
just went to see . it was shit. so unhappy. so heather took me for a mcdonalds to make me happy.
 was such a confusing film
just saw . major disappointment. plot was ridiculous.
seen  yesterday movie sucks. walked out half way threw the movie.
went to see ...rubbish ending. back in time for the end of the apprentice...very pleased with the decisions!
 is so fucking dumb. so stupid omg.
 - thuddingly old-fashioned and predictable, somewhat redeemed by star power. 4
at da cinema watching  and it is fucking shit... can't believe i was talked into watching this film.. dam chick looool
- a little soft, a tad predictable.. verdict- save your money.
 - 6 - totally disposable, but a much smarter version of the realllly bad action-espionage-comedyish movies we've seen.
the film "tourist" was quite boring. the only thing good about it was the scenary.
just seen , bit pointless.
depp sucked!!
 is awful
 is sick, have to go to venice before it sinks
 is such a retarded film, 
went to see  today, pretty shit film 
so  was like the worst movie i ever saw all the horses  died:(
 was a major disappointment.
i just saw  and i'd have to say it was not my favorite movie
..don't do it. possibly the worst film in history. jack loved it!!!!
oh god  is possibly the best movie i've ever seen
just saw ... it was boring... lol
finally saw  legacy today.. im bit disappointed..hmm.. am i the only one ?
i give  a 10 in style, 8.5 in music and 2 in execution. they butchered the  character :(. i admit i am generally disappointed.
 isn't great.. a little pointless.
 may be the worst, most vulgar, most pathetic and least funny picture of the year
sidenote:  was not that good. it wasn't even about the little fuckers they were just there, like a bad odor
#sigh the  film was actually a huge let down...i laufed maybe 2 or 3 times...
this movie "the  is extra dumb
well  bad film... but the real entertainment comes now with the gooners securing 3 points
 worst film total shite want my money back, wank.
the  = hella dumb . waste of time .
do not, i repeat. do not go and see . i actually almost fainted in the cinema |:
that film  looks so fucking dumb.
so now in cinema watching . worst film i've ever seen. it's painful to watch. i feel sick. can't even touch my pic and mix
 is one of the worst movies i've seen! #randomme
 was wack as f*ck. so disappointed.
my brothers diecast  ring isn't as good as i thought it would be.
my diecast  ring is pretty badass.
well,  wasn't the worst thing ever... but it was skimming dangerously close. blake lively should never attempt acting again.
damn  is one boring movie.
you know i love you when... i go to see the crappy movie  a second time because you haven't seen it yet :)
just came back from seeing the . i thought it was shitty. i want my money back naoo
'' awful.
sorry, don't know what got into me today. its like i hate  even worse this week than last week when i saw it.
now that i think about it,  really wasn't that good /: they did all that advertising & promoting for no damn reason.
saw . i need more than 140 characters to express my displeasure as both a fan of the character and the movie in general.
the  should've stayed black wtf is marvel doing!
how the hell  get a sequel for fckery, what the movie industry coming to?
 must be in the running for one of the worst films of all time. how can an action blockbuster be sooo boring?
ok, the myth behind the  is beyond ridiculous.
 is a bad movie! me no like!
 is fucking horrible.
 was the worst film in the history of bad rom-coms! segel was only good thing about it. i want my money and my hours back.
 kinda sucked :'(
 is horrible. worst movie i've seen since hanna
if you are thinking about going to see  stop.  waste of time. waste of money. if only i could get a refund for my time.
 was fucking terrible. justin timberlake and jason segal were the best parts of the movie. why did i see this movie...#fuckthat
 was fucking horrible -_-
i saw  last night. worst movie i have ever seen in my damn life. i give it a 1 out of 10
was kinda dissapointed by  :(apparently  is shit. i'm so sad
 suck ass so bad id rather bih in a 530 to 8 class
" has received generally mixed to negative reviews from film critics." d: i knew it. pixar, what has become of you?
seriousally disappointed in .
what do you mean by ""? they made a sequel out of their shittiest movie and made it even shittier? no one is that stupid.
 is boring.
... #awful
i just watched the ....not funny, i'm sorry........
saw  what an aweful movie waste of a few hours of my life
 really sucked #whataletdown
? hangover poo more like. didn't laugh once!
 dumbest movie eva
jus saw the hangover part 2 ..iwouldn't recommend it
the  - bad film, good aircon. 1h42m well killed. #fb
bout to blaze up! #kush #weed...damn i gotta xanex hangover!! btw  sucks ass!!!!! don't waste your money!!!!
they said that the  was dumb
 is the worst movie ever made. you. do. not. cheat. with. your. bff's. fiance. #sick #plaguetownwasbetter
 was a stupid movie. it was stupid. don't watch it. just don't. #teamkrasinski
 is the worst movie i have ever seen.
......boring!*
lazy sunday for me today,went to watch  yesterday and i was a bit disappointed...<\3
just finished watching ...all these movies are starting to have the same story line..what ever happened to originality???
just saw  and it sucked #worstmovieever
 is the worst movie ive ever seen. i dont even give it one star. left early. ridiculous. #partytime
i'm not going to say that the #smurfs is the worst movie ever... well, yeah, i am going to say that. #pleasegodmakeitend
 movie was ok... i got bored before it ended.
got to say the new smurfs movie is pretty poor
in the middle of  movie.  it's horrible.
# sucks.... and i love kevin james. sorry buddy, not your best movie.
watching . movie seems a lil lame so far. i never been a movie person anyway.smh. o_0
, however, is just a pile of predictable bollocks... #doublefeaturefriday
watched the  tonight...didn't like it...slow i felt.
the  was more like the lookeeper, absolute crap!
the . seriously, wtf?? need me some holy water 2 wash off the sh*t pile thrown at my eyes! jeeeezuusss it stings!
ugh...  morning breath so bad this am like i sucked off kevin james...  yeah ... that bad. :/
dis movie  really dumb as shit lls
 what a pointless film
this  movie is kinda boring me
 was ehhhh...very slow movie
 was the worst movie ever lmao.
 was such a drag, full of stops and sputters. could have been 65 minutes long & had just as much impact (& been better).
 was mehhh.  went in with low expectations and was still underwhelmed.
just saw . verdict? don't waste your money.
 looks very shit.
 #sucked
as the movie progressed...it jus got dumb as shit...smh
and boredom . saw it yesterday what garbage . daniel craig looked sickly and malnourished
#nw ,shit kinda weak
waste of time & $12 ticket!
good way to waste 2 hours on a sunday.
i usually like these kinds of movies but was not that good
just say no to:, it ain't. poor story, slow paced, poor editing & disappointing performances from good actors?
i fell asleep in theatre watching last night.
 is a terrible movie
this boredom is next level...might actually give in n watch .
saw the film .......the film was really really bad... so if you want to watch it isn'n exciting!!
the  is a great franchise, deserved a better movie.
my 5th attempt to watch ..that movie sucks mehn!!!:|
bloody he'll  was a let down.. though emerald knights was better
...so not gonna pay for that.
dunno if its just me but #monte-carlo is a †☁dead☁† movie
lol i watched  it was sooooooo boring tbh like lizzie mcguire for life
watching ..yeah, i'm bad at finding movies.
wtf??? i can't watch  where i live. -_- most stupid movie theater ever! they didn't even show the last song there last year.
went to see . was quite disappointed. :(
? just awful. sorry t hanks. and who reps ? she gets more unlikeable w/ every film choice.
just watched ..left me a little disappointed.well,the ending is really predictable, clichéd, and a bit rushed if you ask me
 is such a disappointment of a movie. so boring. i expected more from you, .
saw  this eve...had higher hopes. felt diluted. but frivolous.
'' is just way way too cheesy....and stereotypical :(
you know what looks like a terrible movie? . i hate  #poortomhanks
just walked out of a film for the first time since police academy 5: assignment miami beach.  dear god but  is unwatchable.
 was boring.
 sucked!
wanted to watch  with the guys but the quality of the movie was horrible!
 was terrible. it is not acceptable to use the "r" word to make fun of people w/idd.
 was a really bad movie......
 was a dumb movie. don't go see it. . .
  its a wack movie
oooh i seen this movie called  ...i loved it!! dope! i recommend a go see
two disappointments today: 1. was terrible 2. watch , not so good.
 was a disappointment. scarface aesthetics, little conflict ultimately, and too many plot holes.
 = 6.5. disappointing after such a great trailer. boring at times.
saw  last night. wow what a bad movie. i think i saw some people walk out. skip it!
"" big disappointment. the contemporary side of the story was an awful clunker, and hugh jackman? awkward..
saw movie,... poor adaption of such a beautiful novel. i suppose i shouldn't have been suprised, and yet i was.
dear : please end soon, i'm bored, and this is taking way longer than necessary. kthanksbye
just watched ,very disappointed with the film seemed a miss mash of fighting setpieces,poor by bay standards
 such a boredom or was i just sleepy? *yawning*
 (n) no comment , too bad from a star like :') «/3
 = horrible losses of my precious time
i really can't pay to go see . not my kind of movie.
 is such a crude movie #wasteofmoney
 is a horrible movie. and the voice of that dale character irritated me. it sucked
so yeah...  is awful. it got one laugh, but it passed two hours. #everycloud
"" is truly horrible.  i mean truly horribly funny.  truly.
. kinda disappointing. :/
the  was not very good. :/
