At the theater seeing expendables again. lol So awesome
reminded me of the direct-to-video movies I used to find in the video store. Slim story, okay acting, lots of action
Saw the Expendables, gotta say: I loved Rambo, but this disappointed me. too many WTF dialogue & weird pacing, but damn good action though
Two big thumbs up for The Expendables! Pleasantly surprised! Lots of stuff blowing up & plenty of mayhem/violence
I loved the movie. Ladies go watch  , I feel like a new person
The movie   was great. Thought Susan Sarandon might play me in the movie someday, but now ok w/Julia Roberts instead.
Eat,pray, love was really cute. It was somewhat predictable but it kinda makes you wonder what your purpose in life is...I liked it!
is just another great Will Ferrall movie.. "I hope you like prison food...and penis"
might have been the dumbest movie I've seen in quite a while, no joke
just got back from seeing 'the other guys.' i am seriously in loveee with will ferrell
Just watched  , and damn if it didn't make me home sick
we saw   the other day...decent buddy cop movie with social commentary we didn't expect...some unexpected cameos as well
The other guys was funny as hell
Not too impressive, has it's funny moments. A renter at most
just watch the Other Guys. That movie is awesome, have to say best one so far.
Watching The Other guys.HILARIOUS. "Because you shot derek jeter!!!! He's a biracial angel
The other guys definitely exceeded my expectations
watched the Other Guys on the weekend. it was actually a really funny movie
Will Ferrell in the "Other Guys" had me dieing lol
I saw  ..it was funny.
was too funny!
I felt that other guys was good, i wouldn't see it again in the theaters. It had its moments
Just  . Wish it wouldst been more accurate. But still fucking awesome
was awesome.  The best movie adaptation of a comic that I've seen.
I am in love with   vs the World!  I made my little geek heart burst out of my chest!  My favorite movie of 2010
See   people. Pay for it. SO worth it. Don't wait to steal it online and don't be a Cera hater
is the ultimate #nerdmovie  I'm #winning: yea @Tbe2Trife thinks its the best movie ever: Yess!!!
was fantastic! I think I may go see it again next week
Do yourself a favor: see SCOTT PILGRIM in a theater. You're going to regret "discovering" it on DVD
Okay guys, let's all buy   on DVD/BD so they can make their money back. And when we're 60, we'll remember the meaning of epic
loved scott pilgrim, very very much, america is very dumb for not seeing it
I just thought the trailer looked kinda lame. But I was very surprised by how much I liked  .
vs the world is an amazing nerdgasm. Go watch it!
About to see  , again. @edgarwright, I haven't been this excited for a 2nd viewing in a LONG time!
rocked MY world
was actually kinda great!
best movie ever
despicable me: fantasic cartoon animation..usual plot bt treat to njoy...dialogues n charctrisation nice..
went to the movies for the first time in what feels like forever. to say despicable me was excellent would be an understatement
was a simple plot though... It wasn't much of an intensive adventure. ._. too many kids were there an I felt old. XD
Just watched DESPICABLE ME with my munchkin! What an adorable little movie. =) lovedddd it <3
it was all ur couzinz idea d: - despicable me!!! lol  i love dat part n i love dat movie!! :)))
Awwwwh "despicable me" was like the CUTEST movie eveerr. :D
Despicable me AGAIN. This movie is amazing, and yes, I'll tweet the "jump and I'll catch you" thing again. I'm THAT predictable.
I don't know what to think about  . There's a hint of disappointment, though.
enjoyed " ," aka "The Blair Witch Ripoff." But the question again is, who processed the footage?
Just got done watching  . . . That movie literally made my stomach and head start hurting :/ . . . I have been affected.
The last exorcism sucks! Dont waste your money on it.
was just as good - and, crucially, just as scary - second time around. Hope it opens big
Oh, and for those who asked, THE LAST EXORCISM FUCKING SUUUUCKED
Sooo basically, i wanna go see   again. Just cuz i loved it! :D
If u havent seen  ..GO CHECK IT OUT..that movie is the truth
is a really good film :)
hmm...the expendables is a great movie (so far)
Watched  . Was kinda weak! Good thing I saw it for free thanks Intratubes ;)
was hot! Stallion makes another masterpiece!
Expendables...the best movie ever...!!!!!!! I AM GONNA WATCH IT AGAIN...!!!!
Scratch that earlier comment.   sucks too. Two action films that are beyond dull.
- not my kind of movie but it was fun nonetheless. I am too soft for all the blood and bone-crunching! lol
the expendables was surprisingly entertaining
is literally the best movie Ive seen since Shawshank Redemption. That being said, I saw Shawshank Redemption last week on tv
Just watched  . Holy crap, what a brutal movie! :D
is actually totally vibing. Pure action all the way.
I just finished watching the Expendables, best action movie in at least 5 years! Very well done.
was god damn quality!
In my opinion, it was just an action film. Not more than that or less than that
I saw the complete abomination of a movie known as " " the other night. Lundgren was in it. Uber-craptastic.
is the Grumpy Old Men of action films.
Just finished Eat Love Pray. I liked it, mostly. But I can't accept idea everything is as it should be, maybe b/c I don't like how it is.
Eat pray love was so good! Julia Roberts is so talented! :) xx
the movie was a lot better than the book.  I wanna go to Italy & Bali! #eatpraylove
So I watched Eat. Pray. Love yesterday. My advice? Wait till it premieres on Lifetime .... Soooo not worth it :/
I saw  . I liked the book, but this movie... it's really, really, really bad. Like, way worse than you think kind of bad.
eat pray love. greatness.
Saw "Eat, Pray, Love". Disliked it very much.  Yawn. Great soundtrack however, may have to buy it.
Snuck away this afternoon to see  .  Better than I thought considering the reviews were so bad.  Did you see it?
Detest Eat Pray love movie, the book was at least fun! 
Well   was great and it further enforced how I feel about finding your true inner self. It's a tough journey, but it's a must.
The creepy " " was surprisingly good.  It's kind of pro-faith message seems to have upset some liberal critics.  Poor dears.
I saw the Last Exorcism. I liked most of the movie. But the ending was SO HORRIBLE.
The movie   is good with a surprise ending. I find the movie is not scary ... maybe because it was 1:30 pm
The last Exorcism is like the most terrifying movie so far.
was not worth watching. I might have to watch Paranormal Activity now just to feel better about going to see it.
Last exorcism is a must see tho
Just got done watching the last exorcism with @nini_fm it was fuckin epic!
The last exorcism... oh my god.
that movie the last exorcism looks scary as fuck!!!
the last exorcism looks creepy as hell
Man,   really kind of sucked. I expected better than that.
The Expendables was 100% ridiculous
The expendables is a funny waste of money. Lol
The Expendables is alright but don't all rush out at once. Wait for the DVD. Or torrent. Whichever your morals will allow.
I don't want this to come off as snooty or anything, but The Expendables  film just *did not* capture the spirit and struggle of the novel.
Just home from the expendables. I really really enjoyed it - I didn't like how Jet Li was the butt of a lot of the jokes though.
The Expendables: what a not so great, disjointed storylined movie. Mark: 3/10
The Expendables has to be one of the greatest movies i have seen in along time !!!!!!!!!!
worth to watch..
Just watched the expendables  was brilliant!
The Expendables is a below average movie 6/10 big #FAIL #CRAP
 is the best film I've seen this week. An action film without blurry camerawork for the fights with but one  gimmick the casting
Just seen 'The Expendables', Not Bad - means - rather good!
THE EXPENDABLES is downright bad. I liked it anyway, the way you like a mangy flea-bitten cur. Because it's got personality.
The Expendables is rather a good film! A lot of fire, guns, explosions and general awesome action lol!
The Expendables: It makes good on the old-school action it promises, but given all the talent on display, The Expendables should h...
DONT go see 'the expendables' its 2 hours of your life you will wish you hadn't wasted!!
By every reasonable critical criteria, THE EXPENDABLES is a terrible movie. And I STILL enjoyed the hell out of it.
The Expendables was awesome .. What a cast to have in it
So, I went to see the Expendables earlier today. Pretty damn good :)
Saw The Expendables tonight with the bf-good action, clumsy/no plot, Stallone is annoying, Jason Statham remains awesome
The" expendables" was a pretty dope movie ......
The Expendables - disappointment of the year. Boring and tedious, bad script, awful plot, unspectacular action, horrible CGI, dull acting.
The expendables is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Expendables is flippin' sweet! Jason Statham is suprisingly by far the coolest though
Expendables was off the chain. Big violence, big explosions and typical  "my gun is bigger than yours" action. Nothin more Nuttin less!
Watched The Expendables. It was good, but for some reason I expected more.
Oh My God!! The Expendables is the second best film i've seen this year! Full of action film actor royalty!!
Scott Pilgrim was as epic as epic gets. Now time for the fun of The Expendables.
vampires suck is the shittest film ever come across actually no so was epic movie... okay one of the crappest movies come across.
i saw vampires suck last night.... so funny LOL
  sucks. But it will probably offend Twilight-fangirls and I'm totally OK with that
Vampires suck is not as fun as i thought..
omg vampires suck was soo funny
Watched  .It Rocks.Lmao.shows the absurdity of all that vampire crap
watching vampires suck.. its so funny
watching   xD funny movie but i guess i would be funnier if i know the twilight movies xD *
watched "vampires suck" very entertaining!
  .. Great movie, beats the Twilight-series anytime.
that vampires suck was a terrible
 ... SUCKS !
vampires suck, sucked baaaaaaad
vampires suck is epic
  really sucks.
Vampires suck is not that bad as they say
  3D, film of the year so far, and by miles. Awesome cast, amazing gore, good suspense, jumps, thrills and laughs. Go see it.
  was shit, if you were thinking of going to see it...don't! 
  was the most amazingly bad craptastically gorey film I've seen in a long time. Go and see it!
If you were wondering...   3D was awful... but had lots of death and tits. So can't complain all that much Also no 3D =/ unsurprising
  3D what delight of a film. Is it possible for a film to be so bad but so good at the same time?
If you haven't seen   #inception your missin out  ;)  Great movie that keeps ya guessing
  is beyond epic actually...cant believe I've only just watched it now...
This movie inception is awful